Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/1.5/index.md

- **Improvements to product usability** including descriptive error pages, redesigned options menu, RSS discovery, and "Safe Mode" experience.
- **Better accessibility support** including DHTML accessibility.
- **Report a broken Web site wizard** to report Web sites that are not working in Firefox.

> - **Better support for macOS** (10.2 and greater) including profile migration from Safari and Mac Internet Explorer.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Better support for Mac OS X** (10.2 and greater) including profile migration from Safari and Mac Internet Explorer.
```
